[PROPRIETRESS A]
Looks like 99.5.
That means I'm two whole
millimeters longer
than last time!
Are you sure?
[PROPRIETRESS A]
It's not unheard of.
Kids grow so quickly
at this age.
That's true.
Then maybe it's for the best
if we get your uniform
made a little bit bigger.
[PROPRIETRESS A]
I have to say,
finding out you've been
married was a shock, Yor!
I get not wanting to make
a big deal about it and all,
but you could've
at least told me
the last time you were here!
I'm sorry, it must've
just slipped my mind.
And to think that your
adorable daughter
is going to the prestigious
Eden College.
Congrats, dear!
Thanks a crunch!
Is it safe to assume
you're an Eden College alum?
No. I attended a little
school out in the country.
[PROPRIETRESS A] Oh, then you're
going to want to be careful.
You could say there's
something of a wall
between the alumni families
and the first-generation
ones at that school.
I hear that it can
even lead to bullying
and discrimination
among the children.
Plus, hazing from
the honor students.
Tension between the dorm
kids and commuters, too.
[sighs] Speaking of, I hear
lots of those commuters
have been kidnapped lately.
But it's no surprise,
since most of the students
come from rich families.
I don't wanna go
to school anymore.
[TWILIGHT gasps]
I'm sorry, dear.
I didn't mean to frighten you.
Don't worry, there's plenty of
fun to be had at Eden, too.
There, you're all measured.
Okay, you're getting one
uniform, a winter coat,
a vest, and a sweater, so that's
three additional items.
Since you're a regular,
I'll bump you up on
the priority list.
Oh, and you'll be able to get
everything else you need
from that shop on the corner.
[TWILIGHT]
Getting pricey.
Hm? What's wrong?
I'm trying to not get kidnapped.
[TWILIGHT]
I see. Interesting approach.
Hey, Yor, is it all right
if we eat out today?
[YOR]
Yes, of course.
[ANYA] Are there any kidnappers
at the restaurant?
[WAITER A]
Here's today's special.
Pork sauté in a pawpaw sauce
with porcini mushrooms
and potato potage.
Enjoy.
[ANYA]
Po?
Looks great!
[TWILIGHT] Cipher P, eh?
This is about my briefing.
It's in five days at 1300 hours
at safe house D. Got it.
But I should really ask them
to stop using this method.
It's unpleasant.
[phone ringing]
Hello?
Yes, this is him.
Oh, it's done already?
All right. We'll come pick
it up today. Thank you.
So? Are my clothes done?
Sounds like it.
[TWILIGHT]
But I've got my briefing today.
Sorry to throw this on you,
but do you think you
could pick the order up?
I would, but I have to work.
No problem. You can count on me.
[TWILIGHT] I might not get
home until pretty late,
so you two can probably go
ahead and order in tonight.
Sure.
[ANYA]
Have a rice day!
[doorbell rings]
Good afternoon,
or rather, good evening.
Nice to see you, Twilight.
[TWILIGHT] Hello, Handler.
What's this about?
Before we get into it...
What were all those
expenses the other day?!
A castle rental fee and
furniture for the whole place?
Do you think we're made
out of money here?
Here's a couple more of them.
Turns out school is expensive.
You've got stones to hand
me new ones like that.
I mean, they're all necessary.
Fine.
Anyway, let's review
your next steps.
This'll be phase two
of Operation Strix.
Though knowing you, I doubt
you need such a reminder.
Thank you, but honestly,
I'm feeling a bit
off my game lately.
[HANDLER] Phase two requires
a social gathering.
Before we talk nitty-gritty,
let's revisit how Eden works.
There are about 2500 students,
ranging from ages 6 to 19,
and the curriculum
covers all 13 years.
Academics, sports, the arts.
They offer a top-class
education in every field.
The students who manage
to distinguish themselves
amongst even their fellow elites
join the honor program
as "Imperial Scholars."
As it so happens,
the social gathering
that Desmond regularly attends
is only open to the families
of said Imperial Scholars.
In order to gain this
honor program title,
a student must earn eight merits
known as "Stella Stars."
They're awarded for
exceptional grades
and contributions to society.
Which means, first off, you will
need to turn your daughter
into an honor student.
And if that necessitates
underhanded methods,
then so be it.
But be careful.
Those with poor grades or
exhibiting bad behavior
are given demerits,
called "Tonitrus Bolts."
When a student receives
eight of these,
they are immediately expelled.
Now, let's work...
[TWILIGHT]
That girl, an honor student?
That sinking feeling returns.
Do I look cute in my uniform?
[YOR]
Very!
In fact, we should go to
the portrait studio later!
[ANYA]
Ta-da!
Do I still look cute?
[YOR] It's not going
away anytime soon!
How many times are you gonna
do that? Just go home.
[ANYA]
I wanna go on an ooting in this!
[YOR]
Good idea!
[PROPRIETRESS A]
Come again.
♪ La la-la! La la-la!
La la-la! La la-la! ♪
Why don't we stop by
the park for a minute?
[ANYA]
This is my uniform. Ta-da!
I'm in my uniform. Ta-da!
[MOTHER A]
You're daughter's adorable.
And she goes to Eden?
Wow, I'm so jealous.
Oh, thank you.
Hey, Mom, I'm getting hungry.
And what do you want
to eat for dinner?
Hamburgers!
You want that every
time I ask you.
So you do prefer
your old mother.
I want to be with them forever.
[YOR] I know that we're
just a pretend family,
but I still feel like I want
to be a better mother to her.
[ANYA]
Mama!
I showed everyone here
how cute I am! We can go!
Just don't get your uniform
dirty before school starts.
Hey, Anya.
Wanna go to the supermarket
on the way home?
[ANYA]
Huh?
Loid said he was gonna
be at work late tonight,
so let's get some
ingredients and I'll cook!
[ANYA]
Ooh! You can cook, Mama?
[YOR]
Well, I can try!
Hey, I spy a kid from Eden.
[THUG A] Is the chick
next to her the mom?
[THUG B]
Nah, hired help.
No rich person's gonna go
shopping for themselves.
You know, I'm feelin' like I
could use a little allowance.
Same here.
[YOR] I'm not sure what
I'm gonna make yet,
but if I get some meat and
vegetables, I'll be covered.
Not that I know
what these are.
I'll just buy a few of each.
[ANYA]
Ta-da!
I'm bored, I'm going outside!
Don't wander too far, okay?
Huh?
Why, hello there, little lady.
Be a good girl and come
with us for a sec.
Once your maid pays up, we'll
let ya go, so just sit tight.
[ANYA]
Bad guys!
I hear lots of those commuters
have been kidnapped.
[ANYA]
She was right!
You know, these uniforms
go for a good price.
That right? In that case,
little lady, why don't--? Uh!
What do you think you're doing?
Uh-oh!
Looks like we're gonna need
to tack on some
medical bills now, too.
Let's see your wallet,
Miss Nanny.
I'm afraid I used all my money,
so there's nothing
of value in here.
I'm going to have to
ask you to leave.
[THUG A]
Oh, yeah?
Guess that uniform's
our ticket after all.
I hope you got
somewhere to go,
'cause her mommy's gonna
fire you so quick,
it'll make your head spin.
You broke that barehanded?
I am that girl's mother,
do you hear me?!
If you don't wanna end up
like that vegetable,
I suggest you leave right now!
[THUGS yell]
Mama's so cool.
Are you all right, my sweetie?
I'm so sorry, I shouldn't have
let you out of my sight.
There, there.
And I've ruined
all our groceries.
Look at me, I'm a
failure of a mother.
But I love my Mama!
She's so strong and cool!
There, there.
Super killer punch, kapow!
Uh, please don't
do that in public!
[ANYA]
Mama! Can you train me, please?
[YOR]
Wha--? Train you?
[ANYA]
I know it's really dangerous
to be an Eden student now,
but it won't be as scary
if I train and get
strong like you!
Then I can study really
hard and not die!
I wanna be just like you, Mama!
[YOR] Maybe I'll never be
like a normal mother...
...but I'm going to give it
everything I've got
for her sake.
'Kay. Then let's head home
and start your training!
[ANYA]
Training!
Hey, I'm home.
[YOR]
Hiyah!
[TWILIGHT]
Hm?
Um. What are you doing?
Preparing her for school!
Hiyah!
[YOR]
[TWILIGHT]
Yup. Feeling it again.
[ANYA]
Hiyah!
You are, truly, the chosen few.
As a result of your hard work
and the determination
of your parents,
you have been accepted into
Ostania's premiere academy--
Eden College.
A feat that you select 228
new students can now claim.
On behalf of my esteemed
colleagues, I say,
"Congratulations and
welcome to our school."
[TWILIGHT] We're finally
through Eden's door.
Papa, all the kids are wearing
the same thing as me.
Indeed. That's how
a uniform works.
[TWILIGHT] It's just the first
of many hurdles to overcome.
[HANDLER] Keep in mind there
are strict requirements
to attending Desmond's
social gatherings.
Most importantly, your student
must be an Imperial Scholar.
Meaning they have received eight
merits, or "Stella Stars."
Don't forget that peace
between East and West,
as well as our very future,
hangs in the balance.
[TWILIGHT]
Turning Anya into an elite?
That's something I've
all but given up on.
[ANYA gasps]
[TWILIGHT] This school only
accepts the best of the best.
Even if a top position
is achieved,
it will be difficult
to maintain.
Next, we will
announce the houses
and their corresponding
housemasters.
Please come forward when
your name is called.
Class one, Specter Hall.
William Howard.
Theodore Russell.
Grace Fein. Jessica Clark.
Now, for class two...
Which one'll take me?
I have no idea.
[TWILIGHT]
Actually, that's not true.
I managed to modify
the class assignments
in the hopes that would increase
the mission's chance of success.
I had to ensure that Anya...
[INSTRUCTOR A]
Damian Desmond.
[TWILIGHT]
...would be in his class.
My target, Donovan Desmond's
second son, Damian.
[DAMIAN]
That's Lord Damian to you.
[TWILIGHT] He'll be joining his
older brother at Eden this year.
I've been watching
him from the moment
I saw his name on the
list of applicants.
If plan A, the Imperial
Scholar route,
proves too difficult,
we'll go to plan B.
I call it:
"The Friendship Scheme."
Step one, get into his class
and become his friend.
Step two, get invited to his
house, with Dad in tow.
Step three, direct contact
with the target.
It'll likely be
more complicated,
but we should be prepared.
[INSTRUCTOR A]
Anya Forger.
It's your turn.
[TWILIGHT] I'm sure Anya
grew up around a lot of kids
during her days
at the orphanage.
Gives me faith in her
communication skills.
[ANYA]
That's the bad guy boss's kid.
[DAMIAN]
What's her deal?
Ha. I know.
She took one look at me
and it was love at first sight.
Well, she's got excellent taste.
[DAMIAN]
Playing hard to get? How cute.
[INSTRUCTOR A]
Becky Blackbell.
[BECKY]
Nice to meet you!
[TWILIGHT]
Hmm... Blackbell?
Must be the daughter of that
major military contractor's CEO.
Wait, and that girl's father
is the VP of parliament.
And there's the son of a
prominent secret service member.
Her classmates are a
treasure trove of intel!
Anya better be friends
with all of them!
[YOR giggles]
[YOR] Loid gets so intense
when it comes to Anya!
My name's Becky! What's yours?
[BECKY]
She looks like a baby.
I don't mind showin'
her the ropes.
[ANYA gasps]
[INSTRUCTOR A]
These 29 students...
[TWILIGHT]
Don't be rude!
[INSTRUCTOR A]
And will be under the tutelage
of Master Henderson.
Look! It's the nice one.
[TWILIGHT]
Seems he kept his job.
It's a bit unfair
for a housemaster
to have to teach new students,
but I suppose it
could've been worse.
[HENDERSON] I'll whip these
rugrats into shape
like the old days.
[ANYA gasps]
[INSTRUCTOR A]
And now, the new students
will accompany their teachers
on a tour of the campus,
then head to their
respective classrooms.
While they are getting
acquainted with the grounds,
all the parents are
cordially invited
to get acquainted with each
other in the lounge of Tower C.
[TWILIGHT] You'll be on your
own from here on out, Anya,
so please, do your best.
[ANYA]
Okey-dokey!
[HENDERSON]
Forger! Stay in line!
[BECKY giggles]
Starting to worry.
It's hard to send her off
into the world. She'll be okay.
[HENDERSON]
This is the dining hall.
You will be provided
the most elegant dishes
made by world-class chefs.
A special dining hall reserved
for Imperial Scholars
lies just beyond those doors.
Exhibit elegance in your
behavior and grades to receive
the eight Stella required to
become an Imperial Scholar.
So you must all
do your very best.
[CHILDREN]
Sir!
[HENDERSON]
However, be aware that those
who miss the mark will
receive Tonitrus Bolts
and face punishment
or expulsion.
[ANYA]
Why's he looking at me?
Lord Damian's gonna be an
Imperial Scholar in no time!
I'm counting on it.
You're in, for sure!
I mean, my father is the head
of the National Unity Party.
--Wait, seriously?
--[BOY B] Wow!
[GIRL A] Oh! Father says
we owe quite a bit
to the Desmond Group!
[HENDERSON]
Silence! No private chatting!
They're so dumb.
[DAMIAN]
Hm.
And what about you?
What exactly does
your father do?
If he's important,
you might just have a chance
at being my friend.
[ANYA]
Gotta stay cool for the mission.
A sp-- He's a feelings doctor.
[DAMIAN]
Hm.
Sounds like a nobody to me.
You're probably not very
rich, either. Pathetic.
[ANYA]
I wanna go play at your house!
No way! Why would he
want you there, ugly?
These little peasants
are getting too bold!
We don't want your grody
peasant germs, loser!
[ANYA] Now is the time for me
to unleash my killer punch!
[YOR]
Listen carefully, Anya.
Anyone who lets their emotions
control their fists
doesn't know the meaning
of true strength.
If someone's being
a little rude,
laughing it off makes you
the bigger, cooler girl.
I'll be cool!
[YOR] A smile can be
the strongest defense
against any kind of
trouble or fight.
Don't just stand
there and take it!
At least call him
dumb or something.
[ANYA]
Heh.
I don't care what
you have to say.
[DAMIAN]
Huh?
[ANYA]
Heh.
[DAMIAN]
What's with that smirk?
How dare she mock me like this!
[BECKY]
Look at that composure!
She's not a baby after all.
She's cool and mature!
[BECKY]
Wow!
I'm super impressed at
how grown up you are!
I'm a grown-up?
[gasps]
[ANYA]
Heh.
[DAMIAN grunting]
[DAMIAN] Don't get cocky,
you dumb ugly... uggo!
Lord Damian, please
broaden your vocabulary.
For real?
She may be uglier than me,
but you don't have to
be so rude about it.
[DAMIAN]
Shut up!
You! Must I repeat myself?
You can be punished
on your first day!
[DAMIAN] You brat. You'll pay
for embarrassing me.
Watch your back!
[ANYA] Mama's a liar.
Smiling didn't help one bit.
--[DAMIAN whistling]
--[EWEN, EMILE chuckling]
If you don't stop it right now,
I'm gonna tell the teacher!
There's no proof
that we did anything.
[EWEN, EMILE]
Nope, no proof!
Just get outta my way.
Listen, uggo!
Every day I'll make it
my mission to bully you.
When I'm through with you,
you're never gonna
smirk like that again.
If she cries, maybe her
"feelings doctor" daddy
can fix her!
[DAMIAN]
Ha! That's a good one!
Daddy's widdle baby!
[BOYS laughing]
Hey, look at me, uggo!
Or are you scared?
Huh?
[HENDERSON]
What's going on?
Teacher! This girl just
punched Lord Damian, sir!
[ANYA gasps]
I stuck out my hand
and he just ran into it.
Don't lie! No one would ever
believe that stupid story!
Yeah! You even made sure
the teacher wasn't looking
before you hit him!
There's no proof
that I did anything.
We can all see your fist mark
right there on his
face, you know?
Surely you're aware lying
is extremely inelegant.
Anya Forger.
[BECKY] But, sir,
that's not what happened.
She was holding back all day,
but these bullies went too far.
[HENDERSON]
So it's true that you hit him?
[grunts]
[YOR]
This is very important, Anya.
Never use force, okay?
Unless it's, like,
a situation where you have
to save a friend in trouble.
[ANYA]
I-I was saving her.
He stepped on her foot,
and that made me really angry.
I'm so sorry.
[BECKY gasps]
[BECKY] She did that
for me? How sweet!
[HENDERSON] She showed restraint
in regards to her own abuse,
as well as the courage to
defend a friend in need.
Truly elegant, Anya Forger.
However, I'm afraid...
[TWILIGHT] It seems the Desmonds
never even showed up.
Well, no need to rush things.
Now that she's enrolled at
Eden, we have ample time.
And I was able to make
a few connections.
...please head toward the
courtyard to greet them.
Now gather round so we can
take our group photo.
Where's Anya?
[HENDERSON]
Forger, a moment.
[TWILIGHT]
She punched a boy?
He didn't hurt you, did he?
[TWILIGHT] And of course,
it had to be Desmonds' son.
Who else?
...would result in three
Tonitrus Bolts.
But it became one,
with my discretion.
That was truly the
best I could do.
I am so sorry, Loid!
I think it's because of
the way I trained her.
And of course,
I'll have to have a word
with his parents as well.
[TWILIGHT]
It's the first day of school
and she's already lost a point.
And her relationship with Damian
may prove unsalvageable.
All right, everyone,
we're almost ready!
Now, the family on
the right over there?
I need you to smile!
Say, "Cheese"!
[inaudible]